Fix VTT background color applies color to window instead (#849)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Subtitle window coloring was not applied for non-region WebVTT cues

> - WebVTT subtitle background color applies styling to window color instead

Reviewer: nit: sounds a bit strange, maybe we should rephrase?
```suggestion
- WebVTT subtitle background color is applied to the window instead of the text background
```

Author: Yes, that sounds better, thanks for the suggestion!
